I want to create a portfolio website for myself, and I have provided some insights about me below for your reference. I want it to be clear, modern, minimal and with responsive pages. I want to be able to add/edit content in this website easily. It will also contain Contact Me section for people to be able to reach me. Also, I am thinking to add an optional field where people can send a message for me that will be received as an email in my Gmail, but it will be optional with the ability to turn it on or off if when needed.

Insights About Me:
My name is Abdullah Ahmed Abdo. I a Senior Operations and Integrations specialist in Grubtech. I aim to become a Product Manager and I am learning to achieve this goal. I have very basic experience about programing with no coding experience, but I can use AI to help me do what I need. I want to create this portfolio website to showcase my experience and skills to attract employers and connections.

I am doing this website for real and not just practicing, so give me practical and effective solutions. Take your time to think and ask me whenever you are stuck. I want to create the website, and visualize it first and then I will think about hosting it later. Keep the budget to minimum and free if possible.


Notes:

1- Choose the best programming languages you see fit to make this website responsive and future-proofe. But keep the budget to minimum, free is better.

2- Use this Formspree Endpoint "https://formspree.io/f/manjqbeo" to make the responses of Contact Me form goes directly to my Gmail.

3- The website style should be modern, elegant and professional.

4- I want to be able to modify the website content whenever I need. Whether to add/edit content or change my Profile Photo.

5- I want the website to be secure, and don't want any security breach from the Contact Me form, i.e., I don't want my gmail to be hacked from the Contact Me responses, so take the necessary precautions.


Website Content


BIO:

Results-driven Senior POS Operations & Integration Specialist with over five years of experience in end-to-end POS system integrations, process optimization, and cross-functional collaboration. Certified Lean Six Sigma Green Belt with a proven track record of streamlining workflows, resolving technical challenges, and driving operational excellence. Currently transitioning into Product Management, leveraging strong analytical skills, a data-driven mindset, and deep understanding of system dynamics to develop and deliver customer-focused, high-impact products.

Contact Me:

Email Address: abdullah.ahmed2695@gmail.com
LinkedIn Profile: www.linkedin.com/in/abdullah-ahmed-abdo-297677166

Headline:

"Senior Operations & Integrations Specialist | Aspiring Product Manager | Certified Lean Six Sigma - Green Belt | Ex-Talabat | FoodTech | SaaS"

The optional "Send a Message" form:

An optional field when the site visitors can provide their Name, Email Address and Subject and Message, and then the responses should be sent to my Gmail (abdullah.ahmed2695@gmail.com).


Experience:

POS Operation and Integration Specialist at Grubtech
01/2024 – Current 
Cairo , Egypt
- Creating and managing all technical setups needed for customers to integrate their online food channels in the system.
- Connecting point of sale (POS) systems with all food applications to grow customers' businesses and streamline their operations.
- Working closely with the Sales and Customer Success teams to facilitate operations of onboarding new customers.
- Anticipating and troubleshooting any issue that may arise during the integration process.
- Working in cross-functional projects with Engineering team to address the product issues and areas of improvement, enhancing the integration process and determine user stories.
 
Regional POS Integration Specialist at Talabat
07/2023 – 01/2024 
Cairo , Egypt
- Manage the onboarding and switching requests with our partnered integrators and cloud kitchens.
- Provide technical support for our partners regarding POS and KDS systems to ensure smooth operations and successful orders.
- Analyse and testing of the system's operation and its efficiency to support business functions and deliverables.
- Manage the communications with our partners and integrators, and our Engineering team to ensure the POS system’s functionality.
 
Senior Regional Key Account Specialist at Talabat
02/2020 – 07/2023 
Cairo , Egypt
- Support our key partners in MENA region to manage menu and content related requests, execute marketing campaigns, and provide necessary technical support.
- Operate logistics operations with local teams in each country and manage the communications between our company and our stakeholders to ensure our customers satisfaction.
 
Senior Medical Marketing Representative at Kemet Clinical Laboratories
 11/2017 – 02/2020 
Cairo , Egypt
- Selling the company's services to possible leads, and other relevant healthcare providers.
- Scheduling appointments and negotiating contracts.
- Building and maintaining good business relationships with customers and following up on leads generated by the company to encourage repeat purchases and improve sales.